c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\JSGS.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\JSGS.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\obj\Debug\JSGS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\obj\Debug\JSGS.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JSGS\JSGS\obj\Debug\JSGS.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\obj\Debug\JSGS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\obj\Debug\JSGS.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\obj\Debug\JSGS.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\JSGS.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\JSGS.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\CYQ.Data.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\CYQ.Data.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\jggs\JSGS\JSGS\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
